hi my name is Jules this is my first
time at the Zen Wellness Center I did
the chief it chief - 25 20 hours to fit
this weekend and it's been amazing I
said you know to one of the other
students when I got here - my heart
hasn't felt so big in so long so the
area itself is magical and you know it
as a person as a person just been
happening my you know my meat suit
I feel more whole than I have in a
really long time and as a yoga teacher I
can't wait to take the things take the
tools that I've learned this weekend and
share that with my students and with my
other yoga teacher peers so it's been
really wonderful I can't wait to come
back in October so I feel a fully
exhausted and tired after chi gong
training and and and I feel at the same
time full field and and and ignite by
knowledge and an experience of I got
flown from chi gong so I'm thinking at
home to practice and to deliver to my
students hello
I got my coin this time I am very happy
I had a wonderful time my name is Keith
sorely and I've been in healing arts for
the last 18 years studying martial arts
Tai Chi Qi Gong saw many different
modalities and worked in many places my
first event the chiefin event I've been
here for five days and an amazing time
here I was able to learn a very cohesive
structured system and format to work
with Qi Gong Chinese medicine and a very
easy way to help other people with it so
I'm excited to go forth and we've
informed my 200 hours master Cal my name
is Lynette Walker I own the Yoga Center
Cape Cod I just spent seven days here in
the desert with master Campbell master
Leone and their wonderful staff
excellent experience high expectations
and I am ready to continue with this
program with this group of people
because they're fantastic extremely
professional well-organized and
excellent leaders hi I'm Tina tester
this is my first experience with sin
wellness and has been a great weekend
the combination of the physical as well
as the learning and the knowledge I
think is just going to actually turn my
life around
things that I knew had been brought back
a new awareness I had
got a card from his in wellness I don't
know a year or so ago time wasn't right
it's surfaced again I'm just glad to be
here and grateful my name is Oscar and I
live in Dallas three years ago I had the
opportunity to know a little bit about
Chico I wanted to get more in them so I
decided to do it I came here and he's
been fantastic I absolutely recommend it
he's a life changer hello my name is
Chris and I'm part of the 200 our
teacher training course this is my third
day at the retreat center for this
intensive training I am really enjoying
it I'm learning a lot more about the
forms and also about teaching itself
it's been a really great experience I've
enjoyed meeting understood some learning
from a variety of teachers hi my name is
Ted and came across the Zen Wellness
when I was just searching around for
Chico in teacher training
I've already got my yoga teacher
training and it wasn't that he offered
in the city where I live and I just went
on the internet and found them and
really was excited by everything I
learned just on the website and the fact
that they did yoga and Qi Gong so I felt
like they're spiritually and you know
developmentally their practice was gonna
be very similar to mine and so I just
you know you know got some other free
material online and read through that
was very impressed by you know
everything I read and so I decided to
join up and do the teacher training and
didn't know what he was when I came out
here I had never been to Phoenix before
or to the retreat center of course
and have just had a really fantastic
seven days of immersion yeah you know
both the practice of teaching and the
practice of practice you know learning
all the different Qigong protocols I
think it's very it's been very
meticulously thought-out
just a well-planned no development of
your your energetic centers and looking
forward to coming back getting my
teacher certification and before taking
it myself
hi my name is Celine burlock and I came
all the way from the Lascaux show Canada
and I'm into the master apprentice
program here at the Zen wellness
Canyon and I came here because I wanted
to go further with in my study I do
teach medical Qi Gong and I wanted to
bring more to my clients and I can
really say that spending a whole week
week here really helped me to build
confidence within myself and also to
actually reach my goal to go deeper into
this study so I'm really thankful to be
here and with the beautiful Sun here in
Arizona and into the canyon think